this guy Tim shieff you may know him as
an athlete you may know him as a
cosmological theorist who is a presented
the bold and daring new idea that the
earth is flat
despite scientific evidence to the
contrary you may know him for many
things and many controversies on YouTube
but what I know him as what he is to me
is the guy who showed up at vegan
conferences wearing a t-shirt that said
ethics and not just ethics ethics period
the t-shirt has the period I'm and if
you two want to show up at a vegan
conference at a vegan festival the vegan
event as a speaker wear a t-shirt that
just says the word ethics ethics period
you could buy it online because Tim
shieff himself yes he is the man to
charge you like more than forty dollars
for a plain white t-shirt with a plain
black graphic that just says ethics or
you could buy a marker and write it on
the fabric yourself and save yourself a
few dollars and take a few dollars away
from Tim shieff and his supposedly
a hundred percent ethical clothing
company so Tim shieff you rode into town
on that ethics horse and it's on that
same horse that you were gonna leave by
the down road but this this is not
PewDiePie people okay you have not tuned
in to see PewDiePie you have not tuned
in to see vegan gains roll out the B
word and the R word and the C word and
maybe the l word and the X word in some
other words I don't even know if you've
tuned in to about us yeah and you've
toured in you haven't tuned in for some
kind of momentary knee-jerk off-the-cuff
raksha's no no no no no you want me to
take a step back you want me to see this
in its
all historical context let's let's break
it down where did this really come from
how did this all get started it started
with a man named Louis lumière and his
company his outfit was known as the the
Lumiere brothers he and his brother were
both involved and they were the first
people to do YouTube they did YouTube
before it was called YouTube they got
teams of young men and sent them around
the world with cameras and they put
together a type of show that had never
been seen or done before where they gave
people short clips of of life cinema
verite some people called it they
wouldn't really report on politics but
they have short clips of dignitaries
arriving at a negotiation and then they
cut straight from that to just a scene
of people walking around a Market Square
maybe in far-off Istanbul at a time when
travel around the world was much more
difficult and dangerous than it is today
the peculiar style of you know short
YouTube clips that's really what it
looked like these short clips of real
world events gathered together seemingly
at random presented to people in a dark
room for a low price this was a new and
stimulating form of infotainment I guess
you'd say that you know the world had
never seen a thought of before and
interestingly when he was interviewed
about it when he talked to his employees
about it
Louis lumière himself never believed in
this as a durable product he didn't
think we'd be talking about this in the
year 2018 that it would go on through
various mutations to be in our Foreman
stoves this today he would always say to
people again and again look this this
this job you're doing there's no future
in it this is a fad it could last for
five more years it could last for six
more months who knows it's gonna come
and go sooner or later people are just
gonna get
bored of watching clips of random things
taken from around the world and put
together I mean you know the next step
what Louie Lumiere didn't think of was
of collecting comments from his viewers
and then having someone stand at the
front at the front of the house in the
cinema and and read those out or perhaps
take the comments and project them on
screen so that you could see them
obscuring the action as it unfolds and
that that really in terms of the history
of cinema that is the next step that
YouTube took that's exactly what Louie
Lumiere the Lumiere brothers that's what
they didn't have going for them was the
comment session a lot of people hate me
on the Internet why is it because of
something I said in the video no the
vast majority of people who hate me hate
me because of something they've seen in
the comment section and it could be a
comment section to someone else's video
and it could be that they came to my
channel and while the video was playing
in the first 10 seconds or something
they scroll down and read the comments
first while the video is playing or all
too often they just look at the comments
and don't pay attention to the video we
all know this happens but I don't know
if anyone knows that as well as I do
because I've really talked about this
with people shall we say face to face
it's normally over Skype sometimes it is
in real life face to face and like they
tell me it's eyes oh it's unbelievable
I'm so offended I'm aghast that you
would say that you find Nina and Randa
unattractive if you don't know who need
an around an hour don't Google it don't
google it you don't need to know just
imagine that someone on YouTube would
state their opinion that someone else is
on a track that's that to begin with I
you know I kept achill I don't know if I
believe that that has ever
and in the history of YouTube I don't
know if I believe that that's ever
happened in the history of vegan videos
on YouTube but but let's not get into
that but you're you're telling me you're
telling me that you've seen a video in
which I said Nina Aranda were one
attractive and you know I would say that
well do you know what the context was do
you know what topic I was discussing
when I mention that in passing like you
know what the video was about and they
don't know because they haven't seen it
they haven't considered it or even if
they did click on the video all they saw
were comments
claiming I'm a terrible person how dare
you it's a reaction to something other
than what I actually said in its
original context this is not the only
example I could offer but let's let's do
the right thing here people
let's completely disregard you know what
Tim shieff has to say and go go straight
to the comment section and like everyone
else let's look at what are either the
most inflammatory comments or the
comments that got the most thumbs up the
comments that through the mysterious
smashing nations of YouTube are put up
at at the top of the list right and that
would just be like you know going to the
cinema to see newsreel broadcast and not
watching the newsreel and not listening
with no mind but just going and reading
the comments that have been scrolled by
other members of the audience before you
got there letting their judgments
preform your judgments pre judge
prejudice you see where I'm going with
this oh here's a great comment from
healthy crazy cool so healthy crazy cool
at that that's another YouTube channel
he must he must know what he's talking
about
Tim you know I love and respect you like
a brother 100% but I feel like you were
on this quest to find quote-unquote
perfection which does not exist I've
been there before you don't have to
label yourself and follow something
strictly to thrive you being raw
you fasted for 35 days and you've done
vegan keto you've tried all the extremes
you won't find the feeling of perfection
because it's not there I'm not done
reading out this comment in the terrible
British accent this guy Tim shieff would
turn up in Los Angeles at VegFest
wearing a t-shirt that said ethics
period this guy was put on was given a
platform was given encouragement by
exactly the same people who would have
never touched me with a ten-foot pole
would have never eaten lunch with me
would have never promoted my channel or
interviewed me when I was in Los Angeles
myself okay this guy passed the you know
refined requirements of people like
happy healthy vegan all the idiots who
were endorsing and supporting
durianrider and freely before everyone
who was jumping on every little
bandwagon you guys all supported and
endorsed this guy Tim shieff the whole
Los Angeles vegan demi-monde and what
did you get you got a guy in a t-shirt
that says ethics period who doesn't have
an ethical bone in his body who doesn't
give a damn about ethical veganism who's
just on some kind of magical mystery
Vision Quest to feel his best and who's
completely mystified at why he has pain
in his bones pain in his joints pain in
his wrists and his ankles and his knees
and his elbows after repeatedly throwing
himself off of rooftops making hard
landings on steel and concrete again and
again and again as a part of a made-up
imaginary sport that made him a little
bit famous and got him a little bit of
attention on cable TV that's who this
guy is
and his magical mystery mission to be
all he can be ends now because in his
desperation to cure his aching bones and
his aching joints he's gone back to
eating meat his reasons for being for
being vegan were stupid and
self-indulgent to begin with and his
reasons for going back to eating meat
are just as stupid and self-indulgent if
there's one person on earth who
shouldn't have a clothing company named
ethics who shouldn't be selling a
t-shirt named ethics but with ethics
plays in the cross his chest who
shouldn't be standing there at VegFest
representing ethics it's Tim shieff I
think a better t-shirt for this guy from
day one would have been male bimbo I've
said it before the word bimbo can be
applied to either gender and in this
case Tim if the shoe fits wear it but
what's this why aren't I seeing my
fellow vegans on YouTube like healthy
crazy cool trying to hold old Tim shieff
here to a higher moral standard why
aren't you guys interested in keeping
mr. ethics himself you know keeping up
to the the standard of what he prints on
his clothes and sells you for for more
than 40 bucks I don't know no quote I
honestly believe you just need to relax
all caps you just need to relax and put
your guards down stress is one of the
biggest causes of disease and can cause
all kinds of issues with your gut brain
access and also your energy yeah wow the
guy in the ethics t-shirt makes the
completely unethical decision to go back
to eating meat after preaching ethics
after selling that t-shirt wearing that
at these conferences and will you have
to say as well what you really need to
do is is relax because you know this
there's something
something wrong with your with your
energy yeah let's let's keep going here
hey they'll be crazy cool he established
in the first sentence that he loves and
respects this guy like a brother love
and respect
like a brother I have been in your
position when I used to eat very high
fruit high carb not enough fat and
protein
I felt like trash mysterious above the
way some words are randomly capitalized
in the middle of sentences if this case
at the end of the sentence its trash
with a capital T I felt like trash but
it wasn't that veganism wasn't for me it
was that I haven't found a way of eating
that suits my personal body I also once
craved fish in eggs but I was able to
quench it by eating a much higher fat
vegan diet there is no one way for
everyone and you don't have to follow
anyone elses trend or any kind of strict
regimen that has been laid out by others
I feel like anyone who didn't eat for 35
days and then went fruitarian would have
both mental and physical imbalances yeah
that's a nice way to put it Tim I love
and respect you like a brother but your
idea of healing the pain in your joints
caused very clearly by a high impact
destructive and self-destructive sport
the way to cure that you thought was
fasting because in your words fasting is
the most healing thing there is and
healthy crazy-cool who loves you like a
brother is letting you know that anyone
who did that must have both mental and
physical imbalances so in plain english
he's telling you that you're crazy and
you're sick
in that order be a much different
statement here if you uh you actually
said what you meant they're healthy
crazy cool it goes on to tell him to
breathe and relax get rid of any rigid
rules much of this in my opinion might
could be due to over analyzing and the
fact that a diet you believed in for so
long raw can't actually serve you long
term but there are other ways so many
ways of thriving on a plant-based diet
food is also there to be enjoying the
capital eve and celebrate it as a part
of life not just a set of rules it's
supposed to make you feel a certain way
yeah it's real easy to say that you're
motivated by trying to save the animals
that you're trying to save the planet
but when it comes right down to it the
vast majority of people in this game are
motivated by money fame power respect
and sex not necessarily in that order